Start Forgot Password without Email Template (#1773)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/users.adoc

[field]#sendForgotPasswordEmail# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `true`#::
Whether or not calling this API should attempt to send the user an email using the Forgot Password Email Template. Setting this to

> false will skip the email attempt and only set the `changePasswordId` for the user. This also allows you to start the forgot password flow without a Forgot Password Email Template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
false will skip the email attempt and only set the `changePasswordId` for the user and allow you to start the forgot password flow without a Forgot Password Email Template.
```
